“Xarvian, what is happening?!”

“You did it! You closed the circle!”

“The… circle?”

“Yes. Cause and effect have been switched. This planet here is the source of the beam that you encountered when you first arrived here. Our energy grid is powered by itself, going in cricles!”

“How is this…?”

“Possible? You just have to be a genius. Look, it's starting!”

“…?!”

The laser beam indeed forms a giant circle, only now visible as it's brightness is increased by a thousand times. The area within it is also starting to turn purple!

“The portal is opening!”

“Portal?”

“Yes, Joseph. This is what we have been working so hard for! A plan that has been in the workings for so many years!”

“Please, explain what is going on!”

“After the great collapse a hundred years ago, everything was in ruin. The only one who could still give us hope was my good friend Meluem. He announced that we would be able to live on the rocky remains of our once great planets! What I didn't know at the time was, that he was talking about my invention. 

What a foolish idea, I thought! My terraforming device was in no way complete, I didn't even have a working prototype. But Meluem gave everyone hope and happiness, and I had no other choice but to work ten times as hard on completing the machine. He is the reason us survivors could continue living independently in our own region of space, and didn't have to become refugees. For his achievements, he was accepted as king, and the Empire was born.”

“...you are much older than I initially thought.”

“I get that a lot. Anyway, there were those who wished this power for themselves. Around ten years ago, these people secretly planned a violent overthrowing of the king, while calling themselves 'Freedom Fighters'. They gained influence quickly, and, not wanting to be secretly killed, I secretly joined them. I told them that they could have their own Empire, by giving them the means to invade our own home world at a time before the great collapse, while at the same time preventing the collapse itself. Your next line will be 'But that's impossible!!'”

“But that's impossible!! Huh?!”

“I told you I was a genius, didn't I? I've been researching the cause for the great collapse for many years, and I came to the conclusion that it was caused by a future time travel to that point in time. The damage can only be done once in one time line, so when you actually perform the time travel, the time you arrive at remains unharmed.

And I had the technology to open the portal that leads directly back one hundred years in time. Under the guise of energy distribution, I built it.”

“Wait, so… what I repaired was actually a giant time machine?”

“The Empire realized what the plan was shortly after the 'civil' war broke out. Of course freedom was just a pretence to get the population on the side of the revolutionists. The Empire quickly broke down the energy grid, and planted these puzzles in order to make it harder for us to repair it. Good thing they weren't too much of a problem for you to solve. Ah, look!”

The entire fleet starts flying through the portal and vanishes. After the last ship disappeared, the portal is shut off.

“I can't believe it… I helped start an invasion… and also caused the deaths of billions of people one hundred years ago?! Why me?”

“You did nothing of the sort.”

“But you just said-”

“I just told you what I told them. Did you notice that I stayed here and didn't go through the portal? That's because the portal actually leads to a random place in the multiverse.”

“But… weren't you on their side?”

“On their side? After they killed Meluem? Never. The Freedom Fighters were so blinded with promises of power, it was easy to fool them. I still have no idea what caused the great collapse though. 

Anyway, You helped bring down a regime!”

“This… wow. I need some time to digest this. But what now?”

“Now? Now we rebuild. If there is one thing the Zarglzorbians are good at, it is rebuilding. We will start by destroying all these 'trees'. They were made to kill anyone who didn't abide to the Freedom Fighters command after all. 

And after that we could use a sensible energy distribution system. Say, why don't you stay and help? You proved yourself very useful.”

“This is just so much at once. Let me think about it.”



AND SO ENDS JOSEPH FELDSTÄRKE'S  BIZARRE SPACE ENGINEERING ADVENTURE

WILL YOU BE THERE TO HELP HIM AGAIN THE NEXT TIME HE NEEDS YOU?
