<Zzzzshhhh>

Finally, I arrived at my destination: the Zarglzorbian Empire!
Or, former Empire I should say. As of inter-universal space date 4915667.XXY{i^G64}-Alpha in Base Infinity, also known as two months ago, this area is officially known as the “Free Zarglzorbian Independent Region of Freedom”, or FZIRF for short (pronounced FZIRF).

This should be the planet I was asked to start with. Let's make contact.

[CONNECTION ESTABLISHED]

“This is planet Marglwarf. You are entering the Free Zarglzorbian Independent Region of Freedom. Please state your name and purpose, or be prepared for the consequences.”

“My name is Joseph Feldstärke. I was hired by the interim government of the FZIRF to repair the interstellar energy grid, and was asked to start with this planet. Just out of curiosity, what would the consequences have been?”

“Nothing really, I just like to scare visitors. Ah yes, we were told of your arrival. You may enter. 
You're are probably not familiar with the technical details of our advanced energy grid. Would you like me to give an introduction?”

“That would be great, I have actually never been to a galaxy in the Pandora's cluster. I am only used to the electrical technology of the Phoenix cluster.”

“Alright. You see, in the former Empire we had a interstellar grid of energy. Although grid might not be the right term. It's more of a line.”

“A line?”

“Yes. There is one source of energy, that shoots a laser beam to a certain planet. On that planet, the beam is redirected in such a way that each energy collecting node is crossed exactly once, and ends at the beam transmitter. The transmitter shoots the beam away to the next planet, and so on, until every planet of the empire is connected.”

“So… if the beam is interrupted at a single point, all the planets after it have a blackout?”

“Yes.”

“I see...”

“Your job is to reconnect the laser to its destination. Good luck!”

[CONNECTION CLOSED]

...I'm surprised this is the first time someone had to fix this mess...
